README.md, before:

![AntelopeJS](.github/social-card.png)

# AntelopeJS

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@antelopejs/core.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@antelopejs/core)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.0-blue)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

AntelopeJS is a production-ready TypeScript framework designed for developing high-performance, robust, and scalable Node.js applications. Its innovative interface-based architecture enables developers to create modular, extensible applications with clear separation of concerns.

## Philosophy

AntelopeJS addresses common framework challenges through its unique approach:

- **Minimal Core**: Unlike frameworks that implement too many features at the core level, AntelopeJS keeps its core minimal and unopinionated, delegating functionality to modules
- **Interface-Based Design**: Clean separation between modules through well-defined interface contracts
- **Seamless Upgrades**: Run multiple versions of the same interface side-by-side, allowing gradual upgrades without breaking changes
- **Modular Architecture**: Build applications with independent, swappable components

## Installation

```bash
# Install globally
npm install -g @antelopejs/core

# Install in a project
npm install @antelopejs/core
# or using yarn
yarn add @antelopejs/core
# or using pnpm
pnpm add @antelopejs/core
```

## Getting Started

To create a new project with the CLI:

```bash
# Using npx
npx @antelopejs/core project init <project-name>

# Or if installed globally
ajs project init <project-name>
```

## Documentation

For complete documentation, visit [AntelopeJS](https://antelopejs.com/)

## License

Apache-2.0

Commit message:

docs: update license section in README.md

README.md, after:

![AntelopeJS](.github/social-card.png)

# AntelopeJS

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@antelopejs/core.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@antelopejs/core)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.0-blue)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

AntelopeJS is a production-ready TypeScript framework designed for developing high-performance, robust, and scalable Node.js applications. Its innovative interface-based architecture enables developers to create modular, extensible applications with clear separation of concerns.

## Philosophy

AntelopeJS addresses common framework challenges through its unique approach:

- **Minimal Core**: Unlike frameworks that implement too many features at the core level, AntelopeJS keeps its core minimal and unopinionated, delegating functionality to modules
- **Interface-Based Design**: Clean separation between modules through well-defined interface contracts
- **Seamless Upgrades**: Run multiple versions of the same interface side-by-side, allowing gradual upgrades without breaking changes
- **Modular Architecture**: Build applications with independent, swappable components

## Installation

```bash
# Install globally
npm install -g @antelopejs/core

# Install in a project
npm install @antelopejs/core
# or using yarn
yarn add @antelopejs/core
# or using pnpm
pnpm add @antelopejs/core
```

## Getting Started

To create a new project with the CLI:

```bash
# Using npx
npx @antelopejs/core project init <project-name>

# Or if installed globally
ajs project init <project-name>
```

## Documentation

For complete documentation, visit [AntelopeJS](https://antelopejs.com/)

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
